{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
This is the "CD Fetches" example app. \
\
It was created with Xcode 4.4 for iOS 5.1 SDK in August 2012.\
\
CD Fetches will help you learn two concept+technique outcomes:\
1. Core Data fetch requests, outside of a fetched results controller \
2. Statically-configured table views\
\
The app uses the same data model and data store that was introduced in a previous example (CD 2 1-M). \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Statically-configured table views
\b0 \
\
A table view can be configured, using the storyboard, with statically-configured items. \
This enables you to use it as a "launch" menu.\
\
This app's (root) table view shows two groups. The top group enables drill-down navigation. \
\
The app's model object has a general-purpose "fetch" method. It returns an array of fetch results.\
Each row in the table view's top group configures and executes a fetch request. \
The results are passed on to the next-level controller.\
\

\b Standalone Core Data fetch requests
\b0 \
\
(these docs will be cleaned up soon) \
(see the Predicate Programming Guide fore more, and the Core Data Programming Guide) \
\
In past examples, we have used a fetched results controller. In this app, we create our own fetch request.\
\
Here's a list of predicate expressions that you could use in a fetch request:\
grade == 7\
grade < 9\
@sum.price > 1000\
firstName like[cd] 'mark'\
lastName contains[cd] 'blah'\
(firstName beginswith 'M') AND (children.firstName matches '*beth*')\
\
[cd] means case and diacritic, insensitive \
\
"matches" is not supported in Core Data, but it is supported in memory (so you can fetch to an array, and look for matches in that)\
\
Core Data supports only one one-to-many operation per query\
Therefore, can only be one of: ANY, ALL, IN \
\
Lots of rules (many are common sense) \
\
~~~~~ \
\
Core data supports...\
contains\
in\
==\
\
~~~~~ \
\
NSPredicate - simple\
NSComparisonPredicate - \
NSCompoundPredicate - \
\
+ predicateWithFormat:\
\
\
.}