{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
This is the "View Shift" example app. \
\
It was created on Xcode 4.3 for iOS 5.1 SDK in June 2012. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 View Shift shows how to handle the keyboard, when you have multiple text fields on the view. \
\
In addition, it shows how to shift, or move, the view up when the keyboard appears, so that a text field is never covered. \
\
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \
\
Coding pattern: \
\
If you are interested in writing code to handle text field events, then you MUST do one task, and SHOULD do another task:\
\
For each text field that you wish to handle events for, you MUST do the following, in the Interface Builder editor: \
Connect its delegate outlet to the view controller. \
\
To enable Xcode to help you write event-handling methods, with code sense support, you SHOULD do the following:\
In the view controller .h interface, make it conform to the UITextFieldDelegate protocol, with this syntax: \
@interface MyViewController : UIViewController <UITextFieldDelegate>\
\
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \
\
Screen dimensions are measured in "points". The portrait-orientation screen on an iPhone or iPod touch is 320 points wide, and 480 points tall.\
\
A point is not a pixel. The points value is a floating point number. \
\
The portrait keyboard is 216 points tall. As noted earlier, the screen is 480 points tall. (Remember - we are NOT working with pixels.) \
\
The keyboard will appear (i.e. slide up) when a text field is tapped. The Cocoa runtime detects the touch event, and sends the "textFieldDidBeginEditing:" message to the text field's delegate (i.e. the view controller). Therefore, we must implement this method. \
\
When the keyboard slides up, its top edge is (480 - 216 = ) 264 points from the top. If a text field's bottom edge is 264 or more, it will be hidden by the keyboard. Therefore, in the method body, we need to:\
> Use the reference to the text field that was tapped (i.e. the textField local parameter)\
> Ask for the location of its bottom edge\
> If it is "under" the keyboard, then shift the view up by "x" points (and persist the "x" amount for later use)\
\
Later, when the keyboard is dismissed, shift the view down by "x" points.\
}