{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
This is the "CD 3 M-M" example app. \
\
It was created with Xcode 4.4 for iOS 5.1 SDK in August 2012.\
\
The purpose of CD 3 M-M is to introduce a many-to-many example. \
This is a read-only app, and its initial data gets created when the app launches for the first time. \
It also combines a tab bar style interface with a nav style interface. \
\
Here's how the app was created:\
\
The Classes app "template" was copied and renamed.\
\
Storyboard - drag nav controller to the design surface; it creates a nav controller and a table view controller. Rename the table view controller nav bar title to "Apps".\
Storyboard - do it again. Rename the table view controller nav bar title to "Topics".\
Storyboard - click/select the Apps nav controller. Command+click the Topics nav controller. On the Editor menu, choose Embed In > Tab Bar Controller.\
Storyboard - on each of the table view controllers, change the tab bar item title. Also, change the cell configuration to "Subtitle", and add a cell identifier.\
\
At this point in time, the app should run, and enable you to switch between tabs. \
\
Continue by adding a data model. There are two entities, App and Topic. They have an optional to-many relationship with each other. \
\
Edit the model object. Add methods that will enable you to create new App and Topic objects. Edit the init method to create new data.\
\
Add a fetched results controller for App objects. Sort by week, then sequence. \
\
Edit the data creator. Add statements that create new objects. Start by creating some App objects (which will not have any relations). (Later, we'll create some Topic objects.) \
\
Create the table view controllers for AppList and TopicList. Create model properties for both. Go back to the storyboard and set the identities of the table view controllers there to match the just-added controllers.\
\
Edit AppList. Configure it to show the apps. Suggested cell format - "detail":\
Line 1 - Week number - Sequence number - App name\
Line 2 - Theme\
\
Edit the app delegate.\
\
Also new in this example - using section headers (week number)\
\
\
\
\
~~~~~ \
\
How to use this project as a "template" for your own...\
1) Duplicate\
2) Rename the project\
3) Rename the scheme\
\
1) Duplicate...\
In Finder, select this project's folder\
Command+D to duplicate\
Then, rename the folder to your desired name\
\
2) Rename the project...\
Open the project file in Xcode\
In the Project Navigator, select the project file (it has a blue icon)\
Press the tab key, and type your new name\
You will be prompted through the rename procedure\
\
3) Rename the scheme...\
Click the scheme (which will still display "Classes"), and choose Manage Schemes...\
Select the scheme (on the list), and then press the tab key until you are able to edit the name of the scheme\
Type the new name (to match the new name for the project) \
\
~~~~~ \
}