{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
This is the "Ratings bad" example app.\
\
It was created with Xcode 4.5 for iOS 5.1 SDK in October 2012.\
\
The purpose of "Ratings bad" is to teach you how to fetch data from a web service, using the built-in Cocoa classes.\
\
The app shows you television show audience numbers and ratings in the United States. The top twenty shows are listed by rank.\
It is a navigation-based app. The first scene has a table view, and lists the shows. \
The second scene has a standard view, showing details about the tapped/selected television show.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf2 The app's code design approach IS NOT a best practice. DO NOT use it for your apps.
\b0 \cf0 \
You may ask, "why does this app exist"?\
It shows you a few things:\
1. A typical example of how Apple and other tutorial providers show you how to fetch data over the network \
2. The Cocoa classes that enable this to work\
\
Soon, you will see a best practice implementation for network usage. \
In addition, we'll use an open source library which is a delight to use.\
\
~~~~~ \
\
How to (re)build this app:\
\
Add a table view controller, and call it RatingsList.\
Add a standard view controller, and call it RatingsView.\
\
On the storyboard, add a navigation controller (which adds a table view scene), and a view controller scene.\
Configure them, using the (by now) well-known coding pattern.\
\
Edit the RatingsList controller code. \
The viewDidLoad method is the place for initializing the data. As you will see, it uses a callWebService method.\
This style of network fetching does its work on a background thread, and calls back to delegate methods during its lifetime.\
Add all the network fetching code and delegate methods.\
After receiving the data, reload the table view.\
Configure the prepareForSegue:sender: method as you normally would. \
\
Edit the RatingsView controller code.\
The viewDidLoad method is the place to initialize the user interface.\
\
This app is so poorly designed, that it does not use the Model class. Therefore, you won't need to edit the app delegate.\
\
\
}